README.md, before:

# ColorStack

A modern color palette generator inspired by Coolors, built with React, TypeScript, and Vite.

## Features

- Generate beautiful color palettes
- Export palettes in various formats
- Contrast checker tool
- Gradient maker
- Trending palettes
- Responsive design

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (18+)
- pnpm

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone <repository-url>
cd colorstack

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start development server
pnpm run dev
```

### Available Scripts

- `pnpm run dev` - Start development server
- `pnpm run build` - Build for production
- `pnpm run preview` - Preview production build
- `pnpm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `pnpm run typecheck` - Run TypeScript type checking

## Tech Stack

- React 18
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- React Router
- Lucide React (icons)

## Project Structure

```text
src/
├── components/          # Reusable UI components
│   ├── PaletteGenerator/ # Palette generation components
│   ├── Shared/          # Shared layout components
│   └── ui/              # Base UI components
├── pages/               # Page components
├── utils/               # Utility functions
└── types/               # TypeScript type definitions
```

Commit message:

Replace alerts with styled toasts and enhance UI components
  - Replace alert() calls with toast notifications in PaletteToolbar
  - Add Sonner Toaster component to App.tsx for global toast support
  - Style toasts with color-coded variants (green/red/yellow/blue) in
  top-right position
  - Remove unused @radix-ui/react-alert-dialog dependency and component file
  - Add color dots to category filter buttons in ColorList with proper styling
  - Update footer copyright text from Replica to ColorStack
  - Add search functionality with 2-character minimum requirement

README.md, after:

# ColorStack

A powerful and intuitive color palette generator for designers and developers. Create, explore, and export beautiful color schemes with ease.

## Features

- Generate beautiful color palettes
- Export palettes in various formats
- Contrast checker tool
- Gradient maker
- Trending palettes
- Responsive design

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (18+)
- pnpm

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone <repository-url>
cd colorstack

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start development server
pnpm run dev
```

### Available Scripts

- `pnpm run dev` - Start development server
- `pnpm run build` - Build for production
- `pnpm run preview` - Preview production build
- `pnpm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `pnpm run typecheck` - Run TypeScript type checking

## Tech Stack

- React 18
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- React Router
- Lucide React (icons)

## Project Structure

```text
src/
├── components/          # Reusable UI components
│   ├── PaletteGenerator/ # Palette generation components
│   ├── Shared/          # Shared layout components
│   └── ui/              # Base UI components
├── pages/               # Page components
├── utils/               # Utility functions
└── types/               # TypeScript type definitions
```
